Gwenevere Abriel: There's a good chance that you're texting.
Joshua Lopez: forever to get in.
Joshua Lopez: I was on
Joshua Lopez: waiting forever to get into the clinic virtual clinic and then they sent me to a breakout room that we did another like 1012 minutes and then the new guy Tony and it kind of took him a while to get rejected.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it's, it sounds like there's new staff.
Joshua Lopez: So I apologize. I kind of should have checked in earlier, too. So, um,
Joshua Lopez: I know I should have checked into
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, you're here now. Let's not spend too much more time apologizing. We're okay. We're all right. But let me just see how you're doing now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this one of those weekends, where your kids aren't around
Joshua Lopez: Not here and then right before I came to zoom
Joshua Lopez: I posted a little post and my son last night.
Joshua Lopez: You know it's missing them. So I posted a little posted him celebrating and
Joshua Lopez: You know, he's got something really super rare on the game. It was super cool. He was jumping around excited
Joshua Lopez: And I woke up this morning and my ex brother in law who we still talk. We've been cool this whole time.
Joshua Lopez: He posted. You know, he's like oh wow, is this before, after, you barricaded my sister in a room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Joshua Lopez: Just like came at me. So I text him and I you know I tried to just wasn't trying to art him. I just was like, hey man, you have every right to feel this way. If you're going to come at me.
Joshua Lopez: Do so, on the tax, not on a not on a positive post, you know, to mean is like I've made tons of mistakes when it comes to your sister and I, you know,
Joshua Lopez: I'm trying to make excuses. I'm just depressed and you know this was that time I told you where the got a bit physical I was trying to talk to her. She kept like pushing kicking and i just i didn't hit her. But I did try to like talk to her, and
Joshua Lopez: You know, it's not something I'm very proud of.
Joshua Lopez: You know, it's, it is what it is.
Joshua Lopez: You know,
Joshua Lopez: Then he texts text back and you said some really
Joshua Lopez: 848 for stuff and
Joshua Lopez: I just text back like you're right, you know, it just, you're right. I don't have an excuse. I just the right, you know, um,
Joshua Lopez: And I make these mistakes spurs.
Joshua Lopez: I beat myself up pretty bad over them. And I know just
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: just tired. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But Josh what
Gwenevere Abriel: You were feeling desperate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever that event was and you haven't told me what it was you behave in a desperate way to try to communicate.
The time
Gwenevere Abriel: And you weren't nasty back in these messages back to your, your brother in law. You weren't you are humble and you have you have that to be proud of right now, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any, are you pacing because you're nervous.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, I'm just
Joshua Lopez: Okay, really just
Tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: And to get through this. We're going to get through this. Because that this intensity
Gwenevere Abriel: The fact having the worst behavior that you had to engage in. It's not lost and forgotten. It was thrown in your face in a public way and it's humiliating. It's embarrassing. And it's feeling all the sharpness of that discomfort, but it will pass Joshua, I can promise you that.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can plot me down somewhere just so mine.
Joshua Lopez: I'm sorry, I'm like, seriously, I'm just
Joshua Lopez: Like on it right now.
Joshua Lopez: So honored
Gwenevere Abriel: Right here. I'm glad you you made here and you, you had to wait in that waiting room. We're going to get through this. Okay. We will. But I've got a suggestion for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Joshua, one of the reasons why this is so intense. I'm guessing is because you may have never told another human
Gwenevere Abriel: May have never told anyone the ugly thing that you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's any trust here. The catharsis, the letting go really owning whatever it is that you said, I've done ugly things, but I tell another I tell and it's done the shame dissolves.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing my clients do short of hurting a child right
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, murder, whatever hurting and elderly that I'm going to report.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Owning the fact that you are desperate and you needed to communicate something with your wife. If you tell another human and I'm that human. I think this intensity that you're feeling right now is going to go down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get it off your chest, say, the ugly stuff get it over with. Tell me.
Joshua Lopez: This
Gwenevere Abriel: You held her in a room don't hide from it, own it and be done with it. There's nothing I haven't heard
Joshua Lopez: But just that they went to pick up the kids.
Joshua Lopez: And I just
Joshua Lopez: When I'm around her, or in the house. They just get so
Joshua Lopez: I get like this anxiety.
Joshua Lopez: And
Joshua Lopez: You know I've done a lot for her. Despite everything I've tried to be there for her. I was in a lot of pain.
Joshua Lopez: Right shoulder was killing me. And I said, Hey, would you do me a quick favor five minutes just even if it's a half ass elbow to the back or something just
Joshua Lopez: You know President real quick and she's that opportunity to be like, you know, we're not together, so I don't have to do stuff like that for you.
Joshua Lopez: You know, we don't do this, you know, it's over. And it's done really bad and I was like okay well you know your your new guy must have you pretty
Joshua Lopez: Pretty you know
Joshua Lopez: Then of course that offended her and we started arguing and
Joshua Lopez: The last thing I wanted to do was to argue with her like
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Joshua Lopez: It's in the more she pushed the more I just wanted to try and make it right before I left, and of course
Joshua Lopez: Of course, I just took it too far and
Joshua Lopez: I was trying to hold on to her and just like stop. Let's talk, please. Let's just talk, please. It's not please and I pulled him onto her and she started speaking her forearm into my neck and I'm literally like being choked by it.
Joshua Lopez: And I'm like, please stop choking me and she's like, Well, just let go and I'm at this point where she has so much pressure on my neck that I let go. I'm gonna go flying back so
Joshua Lopez: The better is right there tossed around the bed and she started kicking the crap out of me and
Joshua Lopez: Just, just remember her screaming. We're done. We're over. We're done. We're over.
Joshua Lopez: And I just
Joshua Lopez: Knew I knew when the arguments started to escalate. I guy.
Joshua Lopez: I like the outer body body experience. I just stop and leave just up and leave. You're going to make it worse. You're making it worse. And I just kept making it worse.
Joshua Lopez: And
Joshua Lopez: As usual, I just made more mistakes. I just made things worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Name. I'm Joshua, you're going to be done. They'll be done once you say ugly thing that you can't stand that you did will be done. I'm telling you, it's going to feel say the ugly thing. You don't want to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what it is. You tell me how it escalated. I'm still going to care for you and you will still be a good man. After you tell me
Joshua Lopez: Bring kind of explaining
Joshua Lopez: My recollection of it. I know when I brought up like Oh, your, your new man must have your law if you can even, like, do me this favor and that's kind of what sparked it
Joshua Lopez: And I should have never have
Joshua Lopez: Never have tried to keep her talking to me, just trying to walk away and I, the more she pushed the more I just wanted to
Joshua Lopez: Was desperate. I just wanted to talk to her.
Joshua Lopez: Older, you know, that was wrong and no
Joshua Lopez: This has been
Joshua Lopez: month and a half ago, and I had been talking to a brother in law since then, but this morning. It just came out. So I'm just kind of wondering like why did this come up now and it mean like
Gwenevere Abriel: After thrown on the bed. How did it continue to escalate when she was kicking
Joshua Lopez: It.
Joshua Lopez: At that point, after I caught a few to the chest. I just
Joshua Lopez: yelled out, you know, everything I've ever done. This is, this is how you treat me you know you're hurting somebody who's only intentions were good into love you.
Joshua Lopez: And and I walked out
Joshua Lopez: And
Joshua Lopez: Then she walked out and I just was pleading like please just. We don't want to leave like this, please. And she got him on a screen where you're over. We're done.
Joshua Lopez: Then I walked out and I had a cup in my hand of Dr. Pepper soda can and just through it and I left.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what the brother, my brother in law's name.
Joshua Lopez: DJ
Gwenevere Abriel: I can call him. It's a lot shorter to call someone by a name so so DJ. So he got a version of that story right but
Joshua Lopez: I assume, and it must have been like either last night or this morning has happened like a month and a half ago, and we have been chatting like nothing, then this morning I wake up and he has that comment on on it, you know.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So you did it. You've, you've told me the ugliest piece of that memory. Is that right,
Joshua Lopez: I believe so. I mean,
Joshua Lopez: I try not to hide anything because I know it'd be selling myself short
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know this isn't it. But notice how it feels to have said it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's out
Gwenevere Abriel: Person. This really this awful thing that happened. Okay. And I'm not going anywhere. I'm still right here. I don't mind how I feel about you hasn't changed what I think about your husband changed nothing has changed.
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now let's go to imagine how the story might have been
Gwenevere Abriel: Having been held
Gwenevere Abriel: When she doesn't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Work a backache out. She doesn't want to be in the relationship anymore, but then against her will, having been held, you were brave enough to talk about your truth. Just put yourself in her shoes. We won't stay there for maybe like two minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Imagine the story. She would tell of I don't want to be here and I don't want to be
Gwenevere Abriel: In this relationship. I don't want to be in your arms and you're forcing me to be in your arms. I don't want to have to talk to you. I'm being forced against my will, just for a second. Have you ever felt like you were trapped
Joshua Lopez: Do I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there we go. That's it. You were desperate you trapped her because she's smaller you wanted to be heard you wanted to be understood, you wanted your good intentions to be communicated
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a mistake. You already know that's a mistake because you're males tend to be stronger than females. And so from her perspective, it was he used maybe his physical strength to force his need to be heard and understood is that a possibility that she may see it that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you live with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it happened.
Joshua Lopez: But no, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I look good, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're still a good man. You think that humans aren't desperate and we don't we don't grab the very thing. We love the most, that we say, Please don't leave I I'm not ready. I don't want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you are still a good man.
Gwenevere Abriel: You made a mistake when you were desperate you
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether it's today or next month. I don't know when. But you do need to and you did a beautiful job responding to him saying you owned it. You owned it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And said, I did right I made a mistake. I shouldn't have done that it couldn't have been any better on Facebook. It couldn't have been any better. And you would have protected your sister, the same way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, everybody's doing the best they can.
Gwenevere Abriel: This thing that's happening right now. This is going to move on and it's going to go back to just
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have my kids around and I wasn't ready to let go with this relationship because that's at the core of this
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Am I right.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We all make desperate. We don't
Gwenevere Abriel: We when we're drowning Joshua, the person that is rescuing us from the ocean. We are drowning them with us like this clamoring for our own life, pulling them under, you know that right
Gwenevere Abriel: And so we want to rescue them from behind. So they don't drown us
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we want to rescue them. But we know they're desperate to live. We're going to pull them down because dying, we're not thinking rationally.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will do anything to live. And that's what real desperation is cannot see what is going on, it's just life or death. And for you I having her really leave and go felt like a little, a little death.
Joshua Lopez: Does every, every single time.
Joshua Lopez: They just
Joshua Lopez: It's just tiring and exhausting. I just
Joshua Lopez: A look like
Joshua Lopez: When does it feel like again do it anymore.
Joshua Lopez: You just hurt. So what's already
Joshua Lopez: You gotta get tired.
Joshua Lopez: Tired of all of this.
Gwenevere Abriel: If your kids were there now, though, would it be
Gwenevere Abriel: What you think
Joshua Lopez: Little but even the past couple weeks a bear with me just
Joshua Lopez: I just have shut down. I just
Gwenevere Abriel: I think they just they're more. Okay. I think you're going to need because you're forgetting that you're, you're a loving good, man. You're forgetting about you, you're focused on the loss as if a piece of you is gone. I think you ready preoccupied with that.
Joshua Lopez: All the time. Yeah, all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it isn't true.
You're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just
Joshua Lopez: Go.
Joshua Lopez: With her. I just
Joshua Lopez: Always just
Joshua Lopez: Just always
Joshua Lopez: Always thought I started a family.
Joshua Lopez: So would grow old with that person. I would see my kids every day and it just is so foreign to me that I just like what bodies just rejecting it every time I tried to
Joshua Lopez: Use the tools that we learn. They work sometimes, and other times they just like I just I can't crawl out of this feeling
Joshua Lopez: That work, it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't get okay
Gwenevere Abriel: It's getting your work to you're not quite
Joshua Lopez: It's it's work, it's everywhere right now.
Joshua Lopez: In like a good moment. I feel like this. Like I just it's every day all day. It's just exhausting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you losing sleep too.
Oh, yeah.
Joshua Lopez: Big time. You
Gwenevere Abriel: Want
Gwenevere Abriel: For a period of time to to add on to what we're doing. I think we should meet weekly until this you're over this piece of the grief and then you may also consider medication to are you on any antidepressant.
Joshua Lopez: No, I mean, the doctor prescribed a mild one for my smoking and
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, I haven't really been taking it lately I've been
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I, can I see it is available and maybe we can have a once we've kind of done the behavioral health part and see if we can get her to console.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because, are you getting so bad that you're like, I want out. I want to die. I don't want to live anymore. You getting there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, Joshua, no. Oh, honey.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, so it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Sad. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's, that's, that's not regular grief. That's something really going on here. And I think let's take, let's take a full
Gwenevere Abriel: full force approach to this and let's get some medication involved here and really touching base with me as often as you can. Okay, what I want you to hurt yourself, sweetheart. What is the thought that's going on in that head over and over
Joshua Lopez: I believe this is happening. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't believe it's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, all right. I thought I would spend the rest of my life. I thought it would grow old with the old
Gwenevere Abriel: People will grandkids. That's not happening. The way you pictured it
Gwenevere Abriel: It will be something else. But the image you had it won't be. It won't be
Gwenevere Abriel: Joshua, it may not have been that even though you were together. We don't know the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we don't
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're grieving an expectation and it's painful.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't actually know how it would have gone
Gwenevere Abriel: What else
Joshua Lopez: Thought of her with another man.
Joshua Lopez: Eat me alive.
Joshua Lopez: Mission shouldn't be that way with
Joshua Lopez: Me so
Joshua Lopez: It really does.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: These ideas that I'm going to invite a pretty radical. Okay, do you think, do you think that you love Jacqueline as much as you love your children.
Joshua Lopez: I do
Joshua Lopez: Love my children, very much and
Joshua Lopez: Always this
Joshua Lopez: Might sound weird, but I i do i love them all. They were, you know, all three of them were like my baby.
Joshua Lopez: I love those little guys. So pretty much, it almost feels like I lost one of them, you know, yeah, I can tell.
Gwenevere Abriel: When going somewhere with it. Okay. If you love Jacqueline, the same way that you said I love these. These children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Children, typically we define our love for our children as on conditional. There's nothing. These children can do that. I would stop loving them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might not like them today because they're being spoiled brats. I might not like that. I'm feeling and patient and they're just being a kid, but I will always love them. Would you say that's true for your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's immovable that needle doesn't move the love stays there. Well, whether we like what they're doing that changes, but we love them. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if it meant that their happiness.
Gwenevere Abriel: did not include you we say it again if it meant that there, they would be happy and successful in their life, but that would not include you they were allergic to use for some weird disease that they contracted
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you stay away from them, so they could be happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you want them to be happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, they want that for you to
Gwenevere Abriel: We all want that for you. That same love that you have for those children.
Gwenevere Abriel: They
Gwenevere Abriel: They want that for you to. We all do. It's that unconditional. It's there. It exists, it didn't go anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: For Jacqueline if what you just said is true for her. If it doesn't include you
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be time to let her go. So she can be happy and skin his skin one penis one vagina. It's still skin and I know, I know, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: lovemaking and all that stuff is very precious, I get it, I get it, I get it. But if you love her unconditionally. Then you just want her to be happy. And if it doesn't include you then it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's the big radical thing that I'm inviting today is like
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted to be happy. It just happens to not be with me for whatever reason the recipe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there's if there's something that really pierced. These last two weeks that really shifted it because you've been
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of making your way you've had a progression through this grief, you've been moving through it. You've been doing it. See if there's something that happened over like two weeks ago, or it's maybe been piling up. I heard the piece of of
Gwenevere Abriel: DJ, and what else has kind of been going on.
Joshua Lopez: But what is it go
Joshua Lopez: Show it shows up as a suggested friend because we have like 15 mutual friends she always pops up as a mutual friend.
Joshua Lopez: Her profile has always been privates on this. You're a friend of hers. You can't see your post
Joshua Lopez: The other day
Joshua Lopez: I saw a new picture of her that you know her profile pic changed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I
Joshua Lopez: Clicked on it.
Joshua Lopez: And it opened up her profile and all the sudden her profile was in private, and I
Joshua Lopez: It's my better judgment. I started scrolling through it.
Joshua Lopez: Oh, and it just
Gwenevere Abriel: We just tortured yourself.
Joshua Lopez: I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here. Sure, dead.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah I know cuz it. You still haven't quite gotten it. You say,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be the big painful this is over. You're still not they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Not they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Happening.
Joshua Lopez: It seemed like there's a guy on there that
Joshua Lopez: She's probably seeing and it just destroyed me. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one.
Joshua Lopez: That destroyed me and I don't even know if it's true, it just
Joshua Lopez: It does seem like it though, you know,
Joshua Lopez: I don't on it asked her, I don't want to
Joshua Lopez: I don't want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've already made up your mind that you're already doing the hurting, as if it's true. You know, you've already hurting over it. You're getting yourself ready for that information.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're getting right up close to the worst thing that you can do. And that's take your wife Joshua
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're just about to get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's either you move on or it's going to take your life and your children's father
Joshua Lopez: Because the only thing that has kept me from doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you fathom that your son might go through this heartache.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't you think he would
Gwenevere Abriel: He's gonna hurt to
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone's got through this heart. We all go through this. I'm not talking about, there's a big there's a big heartbreak. I get that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to tell them, the only way out is just to die.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the message. You'll leave us the legacy
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're not enough that you have to have someone else you're no good unless you have this other thing. That's the message you leave behind.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not true.
Joshua Lopez: The first time I've ever said that out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's a big one. That's why I asked it because I'm seeing something in you that looks. Looks pretty sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Joshua Lopez: Okay, right now.
Joshua Lopez: Really, yeah.
Joshua Lopez: Phil
Joshua Lopez: Phil exhausted.
Gwenevere Abriel: The exhaustion adds more risk, right, because then we're really not thinking straight. I definitely think you need to sleep. I definitely think that we need to seem see each other more often in here so you can remember. Oh, yeah. I not just that worst thought
Gwenevere Abriel: Life does go on. You just know yet. You keep projecting into this future that doesn't exist, and you can't imagine another life and my right, you can't picture. It can't picture. It can't picture. It can't picture and again and again and again and again.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's there. It's there.
Joshua Lopez: I know, I know.
Joshua Lopez: You can't
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't scroll. You can't do it. That's torture to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, compare ourselves to other people. It just annihilate us. We've got to just get into the things that we want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you know I'm logical it's right now it's just feel so awful for you.
Joshua Lopez: And I just feel so lonely.
Joshua Lopez: had told you about my friend Evelyn.
Yes.
Joshua Lopez: We've been hanging out.
Joshua Lopez: My intention for just to keep that friend.
Joshua Lopez: Since she's ugly. You're just not attracted in that way.
Joshua Lopez: And
Joshua Lopez: The other day, she came by, we
Joshua Lopez: had dinner we watch TV. We had a couple of drinks.
Joshua Lopez: And she kind of made a move.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, and
Joshua Lopez: I don't know. It is about. We had this long to be how
Joshua Lopez: I went with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, that's right. You're human join the rest of us. Right. You're on planet Earth. We want affection, we need touch Joshua this nothing wrong. It's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, no.
Joshua Lopez: But I know I don't want to just leave, Your Honor.
Joshua Lopez: Take your bed into this situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take care of that in a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are desirable, you are attractive and you have evidence so you don't have to go running all the way over to shame and to I misled or we can do that later. We'll get into that later.
Gwenevere Abriel: But look how not true, it is that you're going to be alone. You're not
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not. You're going to find someone that you click even better. It's going to be different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Different person not her. It's not going to be Jacqueline don't think for our guy can don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Worry about that whole leading on Evelyn later don't add more shame to this, you wanted to feel one okay we can repair that one. We can you can say those she knows what you're going through.
Joshua Lopez: And that's one of the reasons why we hung out because she went through it.
Joshua Lopez: I honestly
Joshua Lopez: Just I honestly wanted to keep it as friends. I really did.
Joshua Lopez: I just, I feel a little bad because
Joshua Lopez: You know, I don't
Joshua Lopez: I don't wanna. I don't want to hurt people. You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What these are hard Joshua those navigation. So we have dinner where it's we're so close to crossing and we had a drink and it looks just like a date, doesn't it looks just like
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll deal with that, we'll deal with it. There's what, you know, but it's just she knows all the story she knows the story. It's nothing different than what you told me I I am so longing for touch to be held.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so lonely.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I risked our friendship and I'm I can we go back to the way we were, how do you feel about that Evelyn. Did I just hurt you. Did I mislead you. I'm so sorry that if I did I want our friendship back, it means so much to me. You can say those things if you want
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: She may have some of that too. She may be on on the I took advantage of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so nobody's perfect. This is a mass
Gwenevere Abriel: Hysteria frickin circus and you are going to just to hold on tight to this rollercoaster as best you can. There's no PRETTY WAY TO DO IT. The makeup is going to smear, you're gonna vomit, the writer last 10 minutes longer than you wanted it to. And you just hold on and it will and
Gwenevere Abriel: It will
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Joshua Lopez: Then you know I did feel a little guilty that I enjoyed it. I mean,
Joshua Lopez: It was
Joshua Lopez: It went a lot further than I would have hoped.
Joshua Lopez: But it just felt
Joshua Lopez: It felt good to be wanted it to be touched. It felt good to
Joshua Lopez: It is I'm not that attracted you are in that way, but I just
Joshua Lopez: I just, I felt like
Joshua Lopez: I needed it.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, it's been a really long time that but just the physical sex partner but just the somebody you know
Joshua Lopez: Oh, did your are were
Joshua Lopez: rubbing their fingers on your chest. It just, it's been a really long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure you are not only are humans do we need touch but you are an affectionate person I've listened to the to hand holding and things that I've heard in past stories.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay. The meaning that you've given sex in the past. It doesn't have to be the meaning here okay was two people that consented, and you
Gwenevere Abriel: Want maybe we don't even know what she needed from it. So what this is what you wanted needed you needed it will deal with the outcome as it as it happens. So, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not an old person because you took advantage of this opportunity DOESN'T MEAN YOU TOOK ADVANTAGE OF HER. SHE DIDN'T RAPE her. She wanted it.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to have fun with this body of yours, it's your body
Joshua Lopez: Honestly, was
Joshua Lopez: kind of shocked. Like, what the heck is going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's right. You're still alive.
Gwenevere Abriel: It feel good to feel good for a second, doesn't it.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be a whole big sex means we're getting married and it's love and it doesn't have to be all of that, it can be. This is what happened. This is how I felt. And you can touch base with Evelyn. How long has it been, how many days have passed since you've had a chance to process it with her.
Of
Joshua Lopez: What's today, Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Joshua Lopez: SO THIS HAPPENED TUESDAY NIGHT.
Joshua Lopez: Tuesday night and you know we text a bit yesterday text this morning.
Joshua Lopez: You know cuz that's what I was really just trying to get from it was just, it was nice. Somebody say hey how's your day going, or a house or, you know, like that.
Joshua Lopez: Was really all I was trying for because it's just, I've been lonely, you know, my phone's not blowing up. I'm not Mr.
Joshua Lopez: gigolo, you know, I'm not out looking for tons of women. I just
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're participating in that Josh. You know that, right, you're not putting yourself out there.
Joshua Lopez: You know I
Joshua Lopez: I've tried, but with this whole Corona T. There's
Joshua Lopez: No, it's just, it feels really hopeless, at times, because
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't understand why this is the perfect time for online dating. I don't understand why does it feel hopeless.
Joshua Lopez: I've tried that I've
Joshua Lopez: Actually got a couple of apps. But it's just
Joshua Lopez: A never, I never have success on it.
Joshua Lopez: I don't know. I'm just and then that kind of
Joshua Lopez: plays a part in this because it's like wow three apps and you still have it linked with anybody. You know, like, are you not good looking. Are you not attractive you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's just the time. What if it's not that. What if it's your look at how still attached to Jacqueline, you are. Would that be fair to someone really right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hope. So let's be honest with the universe. Maybe it's God, I don't know, but let's just say it's the universe. Maybe it's just saying, dude.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get it together before you break someone else's heart. What if someone falls in love, like, you know, like
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's that. Why can't it be that story, instead of you're not attractive like that isn't true. So that's not a fact, no. So what if it's this. You're just you're still grieving the timing now right anyway.
Joshua Lopez: Possibly. Possibly. I just, you know, with
Joshua Lopez: With everything being rejected and being
Joshua Lopez: In the position. I'm in it is easy to believe that maybe you know maybe I'm not good looking anymore, you know, not that I ever thought I was great looking but you know definitely have faded some pretty women in my life and I just can't seem to do it now.
Joshua Lopez: You know, and
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, it just
Joshua Lopez: Yeah.
Joshua Lopez: My friend now that I talked to came and hung out and he knows. I've been hanging out with Evelyn, and he's always giving me crap like, oh, you know,
Joshua Lopez: You guys are going to end up hooking up this and that. I'm like, No, dude, I'm keeping a strictly friend, keeping the strictly friends and then this thing happened and
Joshua Lopez: He came over, yesterday I to see my new apartment for the first time and it just, I felt like I am not one day like going kiss and tell. But I just felt like
Joshua Lopez: I had to tell somebody. And I said, well, you call it, dude. It ended up happening. And then he gave me stuff because she's somebody that we knew, since we were in middle school.
Joshua Lopez: And he's like, you know, dude. You should have known this was coming because she's probably had a crush on you, since middle school.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah and now you're giving her attention and you're hanging out with her like
Joshua Lopez: You should have known unit. I mean, and there was like, I honestly just
Joshua Lopez: Hundred percent honestly just
Joshua Lopez: Thought we could be friends. You know, like I just, I see other people that have friends that are opposite sex and
Joshua Lopez: Their friends. You know, like
Joshua Lopez: That maybe I could have that, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you see what you did you over generalize. I thought I could have that. No, no, no, not with Evelyn, she may have had a crush with you since since middle school. So you pick one to fulfill the prophecy of I can never have we pick someone who already had a crush on you forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you know, you can have friends. I mean, that are opposite sex and pens, on which movie, you've seen, but it is challenging because sometimes there is one person has an attraction in the other doesn't. So it is it's it's tricky to navigate
Joshua Lopez: And if I'm being honest. This was not the first time that I attempted everything that was a girl in it was the same way.
Joshua Lopez: Girl wanna I took her out for her birthday. We shared common interest, I've known her since she since before school and we were little. We went to the same church our families know each other.
Joshua Lopez: And the same thing. She made a move on me and
Joshua Lopez: I'm like, I'm not trying to, like, I'm not ready to do this yet. I just wanted company.
Yeah.
Joshua Lopez: So I stopped talking to her because
Joshua Lopez: You know, I guess it's challenging, like you said, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It is, but that's not a reflection of you that's no reason to go to all never have it, it just the particular recipe of people that she keep keep trying it. You know, so, so I will tell you from out here. There's, there's this sort of message going on, which is I think you want someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Who reaches out to you that cares about how your day was just pure and simple and it's fundamental that there's people out there that just kind of want to say hey how's your day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I wish your mother had it together to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How is this so that you have a mother that doesn't see how much pain you're in this is relevant people's
Gwenevere Abriel: Caregivers affect how we are today. Why don't we have a, you know, I don't know. Your mom history, very much, but I think she has some narcissistic tendencies, where she sort of just redirects everything back to herself to herself to herself, is that right
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, you
Joshua Lopez: Haven't talked to her in two and a half, almost three
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. What is that that's. Do you ever think about that, that the piece that's missing is that the piece that early piece is I I needed this nurturing in the sense of mother being there when I was younger. I'm still looking for it now.
Joshua Lopez: It's kind of painful.
Joshua Lopez: But at the same time, I don't
Joshua Lopez: Feel like I've been wronged. And I'm always the one apologizing. And I'm always the one to bridge the gap that I'm not
Joshua Lopez: Ready to do that with her yet no
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I don't. Yeah, I remember the story we you think you slept in your car for a hot second right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I don't, I don't remember you doing anything that was off. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: I think this is a probably a long history of of her behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my point is to enter into a little bit of the psychological piece right here is to say that the intensity of it. The feeling like, There's a piece missing from me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is not just Jacqueline the psychological part is you needed that attachment bond possibly much, much, much earlier on in childhood with your mother and you're still, still looking for this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Attachment person in a friend and a woman friend, it's still your kind of longing for it longing for it. We're not conscious of these things, Joshua
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing that knowing that the intensity dialed up
Gwenevere Abriel: It's supposed to help relieve some of the pressure that you don't have to end your life. We just need to heal this attachment wounds that may have happened with you and your mother that healing is possible. You can feel good happy and enough you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell if someone's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Just air pressure
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I need to check in and see how that little mind to yours is doing, because you see the irony. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll never had it have anyone I'm lonely lonely. Meanwhile, these, these women want to get with you, right, you're like, I'm lonely. I'll never had one. There's people want to get with me. Listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're more this we look what we look like. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as you get older, this this pretty thing this attracted this thing you it'll show up in an unexpected way it won't be
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I, I'm surprised. I'm attracted to this person, but it might come in a form like
Gwenevere Abriel: I fallen in love with this person, it's not really typically my type. I love who she is. I love how it feels. And we're attracted to each other. So don't get hung up on that, that superficial thing because guess what looks fade.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the stuff that right that matters.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is on the inside.
Joshua Lopez: But no, and I, I believe in that. I just
Joshua Lopez: Like you said, it is superficial like Ellen's a great person, but I just
Joshua Lopez: Don't think, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're not, if you're not hot for each other. That's it. There's nothing you can do about it. But my point is don't get because the problem with the online dating is you don't get a feel for someone's personality until you really kind of hang out with them so
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to even just for distraction sacred to test this theory is to just connect with people and you want to hang out with them a little bit. See if there's some fire because sometimes people's personality and some dynamic about someone they can become attractive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might want to give it a try.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know. I want to know how you're feeling now as we're heading to the end of the session when know if anything shifted compare a
Joshua Lopez: Little bit. I mean, you could tell when I first got here, I was pretty pretty intense.
Joshua Lopez: Still, still sad, but I'm not like
Joshua Lopez: Oh, and I got here, just an hour ago, I was. Oh, it was pretty pretty bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your thoughts have shifted your thinking now about what notice where your thoughts are more focused on, as we've been talking the latter part of the session. What are you thinking about
Joshua Lopez: Honestly, there's still a bit sporadic. It's more of, maybe I can find somebody, maybe, maybe I'm just not ready.
Joshua Lopez: But then you still have a little bit of the negative thoughts like
Joshua Lopez: Tired of being alone.
Joshua Lopez: Then just
Joshua Lopez: Everything. It's, it's pretty sporadic and not honed in on one thought I've
Joshua Lopez: Probably got 1000 going through my head right now I overthink and overanalyze a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and it's getting you in trouble. So this thing that I do with the constructive worry is not a joke. This is hardcore stuff, the amount of times you're going to have to swat away the, the name I can't think about her. I will not. You're on a complete detox from Facebook.
Gwenevere Abriel: Log out and don't go on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Detox. Nope, nope, nope, and just fantasize about
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of fun. What would be a fun, fun data. Go on. I wonder where we go, how would we do a date these days. How would it go when I take your temperature if she was at the door. First, and you know like when I would go, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: We, you know, we my mask would, I'd like I get a print screen of my actual face and that would be my mask, you know, it'd be like, with a smile.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go there and swept away the other ones. It happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is radical acceptance. You do not have to overthink it. Now one more minute. It is nobody's fault. It is not your fault. It is not her fault. It is not your children's fault. It's not even your mother or father, his fault.
Gwenevere Abriel: It happened. Don't think about it again swatted away. I know, I know you will. But push it away and literally go to fantasy, which is right brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you notice you get a little bit when I said that that goofy thing with the bath with the mask. That means you imagined it you pictured it for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was your brain over there and in creative land on the right side of the brain thinking of something that hasn't existed before go there. That's a fantasy. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: How will it be, how will I be well think about what what you did with Evelyn. And look at that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Day, you know, knowing your own body. How did it feel how did he react. Oh, I remember. Yeah, I'm this I like this part that part I want to do that again. I want to do it with someone that I'm attracted to. I remember me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can, I can have this this kind of physical contact. I like it feels good and I want to have it with someone. I'm attracted to get into that thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: And for you. It's going to take some effort. I get that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're worth it, turn your attention to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know your your guy friend is saying that, too. Yeah. Isn't he
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, he's
Joshua Lopez: He's like as soon as we can start though, we're gonna start finding ladies.
Joshua Lopez: You know, he's like, I'm you know i mean he just he's always encouraging me in that sense. And, you know, at times I look over tweet at other times.
Joshua Lopez: But little scared. I have, you know, just because it's new. I haven't, you know, I hadn't went out and looked for girls and over 13 years you know it's
Joshua Lopez: Very well put yourself there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's so scary, but it's worth it because you already Josh Why you bought it up against def
Gwenevere Abriel: It cannot be scarier than now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you got right up next to. And that's when I know people are really ready to make a change. They bought it right up to either drug use suicide homicide. They've gotten right up next to it and they got had to get that close to finally snap. Fuck that shit. I want to be happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: They had to get that close. And yes, it's scary. And I'm terrified. I'm like, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I also know we humans we do that, like, that's how I'm going to finally Groff really get in my head. This relationship. This marriage is over.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I almost killed myself really
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna leave your children behind
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, my dad left me because he didn't think he would fall in love. My dad is so awesome. He's the sweetest man I know he's the hardest working man I know is if that's not a good man. If that's not lovable. What the heck are they going to think about themselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're talking about makes no sense. You get that
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you're attractive good intelligent funny loving affection, hard working, man. What are you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: That would make no sense to your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get that right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Are you starting to come around.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got it's going to come every five seconds swatted away, doesn't matter comes again. Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go look at some something on a movie. I don't even know if it's poor and you got to look at, get your mind off that go over here, go to this is a listen, I'm gonna keep it real.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can go over here. Get out of my head going over here, this is what I want. This is what this is and and and this is the one I'm looking for what someone who
Gwenevere Abriel: finds this funny and she's intelligent and mostly most important when you go looking for a partner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is you want. I think I hope you want to notice how you feel when you're around that person. Pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like how I feel when I'm around this and such person. I like that. I feel confident. I feel attractive. I feel intelligent. I don't know what those things are. But that's what you keep your eye out for
Gwenevere Abriel: And notice them at work to they might be all around you but you're so busy thinking about who's or what's it you're not focusing on things that that are amazing around the people that are are in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to how you feel around them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not on what was not on what won't be. But what is focus on the present.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all I got.
Joshua Lopez: For for going over time with me. I
Joshua Lopez: Know,
Joshua Lopez: I was a bit late.
Joshua Lopez: I know we probably ran over time frame, but I do do very much appreciate you going over time and I needed it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we need these things. I'm so glad that that you're stating this program and that we're able to do this. So let's look at a couple things you want me to see if the doctor is available to explore medication because you scared me a little
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to do.
Joshua Lopez: That I don't know what your schedule is like if you have to go
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I did have a bio psychosocial. Let me just look in Slack and see if he showed up. I'm guessing he it did not. But I'm going to go check. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Slack. Is this like database thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like a it's like email but secure or
Gwenevere Abriel: more secure. That's better grammar.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I'm getting stood up.
Gwenevere Abriel: No show. Yeah, so also keep in mind I'm telling everyone I have maybe someone just fixed it for me. But I didn't have any ability to send or receive texts in Santa Fe. I mean like this black no Wi Fi some kind of twilight zone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so yesterday I was in Albuquerque. And I texted all my clients. And I was like, Yeah, you know, can you guys show up tomorrow. You probably got one right and if so grateful and you sent me a thumbs up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I saw that. Thank you for that. But, I'm, I'm at a loss because everything is I don't have everything that I normally do. So if we make an appointment have really put it in your phone because you may not get a reminder from me is my kind of my point.
Gwenevere Abriel: though. Okay, so let me let me go. See, I don't think he's here. So let me go see if we can meet with Dr. Every L and I talk fast so I might be efficient.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want me to say what's going on that you have some intense despair going on, causing suicidal ideation and it's been as recent as today and then its duration, how, how many days. Have you had it.
Joshua Lopez: Oh,
Joshua Lopez: It's been a while.
Joshua Lopez: I was in about a month, but it's been real intense like the past week and a half, I would say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. So you hang on tight. I'll be right back. Okay, let me just go see
Gwenevere Abriel: He's here. Okay. Well, hold on a second. Don't go anywhere. I still want to
See if I can
Get this together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Joshua. So I'm going to send you over to her zoom room, she's there. I gave her a heads up and she concurs with ma
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can take either. I think she'll explore the medication already on and maybe something else to sort of support you through, you know, we're talking about 336 months. It doesn't have to be forever. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, get you through this acute that listen, that's the cool thing about medication, it helps with this very thing. So don't don't deprive yourself of it. I'm glad you're at least open. So let me give you the number you got a pen handy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Her zoom room, unless she gave you the wrong one. I'm assuming she's talking about her personal zoom, which is 349-690-2377 23772 there's two sevens in a row. So read it back to me.
Joshua Lopez: I have 349690 to 377
Gwenevere Abriel: So head over there lets you and I schedule another appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know your schedule. You'll have to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: I would like to follow up with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right away, are you working tomorrow.
Joshua Lopez: Yes, I'd be working, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, so I will be off, Monday, Tuesday, Monday, I'll be in group and then I'll also be off.
Joshua Lopez: Some work in Wait, I'm sorry, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, I'm working. I'll be off, Monday, Tuesday, and then I'll work wednesday thursday and I'll be off Friday. So basically, I'll have Monday, Tuesday and Friday off next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Friday, an option for me but Monday and Tuesday are Definite. Definite to possibilities and are you even on your days off. Are you getting up
Oh, yeah.
Joshua Lopez: I
Joshua Lopez: Can't sleep in very late. I'm always pretty early.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I am thinking
My night.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about at two.
Gwenevere Abriel: To 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah. To 10 to 10 on Monday.
Joshua Lopez: Is that possible since I'll be in group Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to have you not going grow, it's more important to you.
Joshua Lopez: Okay, okay, that I just wanted to make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: To check. I love the reminders, because sometimes I do that and I make the mistake so Joshua. You and I are going to actually meet for individual therapy. You can go, you can go, I just have to remember not to build for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're welcome to get this important here, other people that can feel good, you know, to address the isolation thing I would recommend it. Go ahead. Go. I just got to remember not to build
Joshua Lopez: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'd love to have you. That'd be awesome. Um, so write that down. Because remember, you gotta get a reminder, our individual is June 1 at to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: And then of course you can go to 1pm group. Heck, there's a 9am group, you could go to, you could go to another group at seven in the morning on Tuesday, you could go to a group of 12 o'clock on Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. You can't even write that down to stay connected to go to if you wanted to that group. I'm assuming you don't like the 7am and I better jump out of here, you leave here you go over and go up to to Dr. Rob rails zoom room, she's waiting for you.
Joshua Lopez: Okay, thank you very much and I appreciate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see you later.